Alright, everyone, thank you for joining today’s meeting. I know it’s early for some of you, but we’ve got a lot to cover.
Just a reminder, we have representatives from the digital innovation team, product development, and marketing. David will be joining us shortly.
We’re here to discuss the upcoming product launch, some new updates from Sprintium, and also the status of our partnership with them.
So I’ll hand it over to Anastasia and Martin to kick things off with the product updates.
Thanks, Alette. Let me share my screen and walk you through the latest updates.
Alright, you should be able to see it now.
Let’s start with the UI/UX changes we’ve made based on the latest feedback.
We’ve simplified the navigation significantly. As you can see, we’ve added more intuitive icons...
...and made sure that the primary actions are easier to find. This should really enhance the user experience.
OK, now switching over to the next screen.
Along with that, we’ve been focusing heavily on backend stability. We’re seeing fewer crashes in testing now.
Our team’s also been working with the Sprintium developers to integrate some of their tools into the platform.
Right, Sprintium has been really helpful in terms of providing us with educational resources for our users. They’ve agreed to a deeper integration moving forward.
That’s fantastic. Can you elaborate on what kind of integration we’re looking at?
Sure, so they’ve provided us with access to their training modules. We’re integrating them into our platform so that users can easily access Sprintium's premium learning content directly.
We’re also including personalized learning pathways based on user activity. The goal is to create a seamless learning experience within our app.
That sounds really promising. Have we set a timeline for this integration?
We’re aiming for a soft launch in about three weeks. The full rollout will likely take another month after that.
Great, let’s make sure we stay aligned with Sprintium’s team on that timeline.
Speaking of Sprintium, I wanted to bring up their upcoming webinar. It might be an excellent opportunity for us to market the integration.
Good point, James. Do we have any marketing materials ready for that?
We’re currently working on a landing page that will highlight the benefits of the integration. We’ll include testimonials from Sprintium users as well.
We’re also looking at a targeted social media campaign to coincide with the launch.
That’s awesome. I think leveraging their webinar will give us a lot of exposure.
Definitely. It’ll be great to align our messaging with theirs during the event.
Alright, sounds like we’ve got a solid plan there. Moving on to the next topic...
...let’s discuss the upcoming user acquisition strategy and how we’re going to build momentum post-launch.
We’ve been looking into several options, but the primary focus is on influencer partnerships and leveraging our relationship with Sprintium.
Right, the Sprintium partnership gives us access to a targeted audience who is already primed for high-quality educational content.
Exactly. We’re planning on running a co-branded campaign, where we will feature their expert instructors and the learning tools from their platform alongside our features.
One of the ideas we’ve been discussing is to integrate a referral program into this campaign. Users who sign up through the Sprintium webinar can get early access to exclusive features.
That sounds like a solid idea. A referral program would drive some early adoption. Do we have any other strategies in mind?
Another idea we’re exploring is a limited-time discount for users who sign up during the first week of launch. This would create a sense of urgency.
We could also do some paid ads targeting users who’ve engaged with Sprintium’s content before, especially on platforms like LinkedIn and YouTube.
All of this sounds very aligned. How soon can we get these materials ready for launch?
We’re targeting a soft launch with the influencer campaign and referral program ready to go in about three weeks. The discount offer will be ready for the full launch a few weeks after that.
We’ll also be doing a special pre-launch push for our early users, so they’ll be the first to get access to the new integration features with Sprintium.
Great, I think we’re on track. Let’s make sure we have everything ready and aligned before the soft launch. Now, moving on...
...I wanted to touch on the customer support training, especially in light of the new integration with Sprintium. Any updates there?
Yes, we’ve been preparing a new training module for our customer support team. It’ll focus on handling queries related to the Sprintium integration and troubleshooting common issues.
We’re also setting up a dedicated support channel specifically for users who are utilizing Sprintium's educational content within our app.
Good. It’s important that our support team is well-equipped for this transition. How long do you think the training will take?
We’re planning a two-week training program for the support team, starting next week. This will ensure everyone is up to speed before we go live.
Perfect. I’d also like to suggest a feedback loop once the launch happens. We’ll need to gather as much input from both users and support agents as possible.
Agreed. We’ll monitor the support cases closely and compile a report to track common issues and user feedback. We’ll also work with product and development teams to make quick fixes if needed.
Excellent. Let’s keep that on our radar for after the launch. Alright, I think we’re almost out of time, so let’s wrap things up.
In summary, we’re on track with the product updates and Sprintium integration. Marketing is preparing for the soft launch in three weeks, and we’ll have the referral program and influencer campaign ready.
Customer support training will be completed next week, and we’ll have a feedback loop post-launch to ensure a smooth experience for everyone.
Any final thoughts before we adjourn?
Just one thing – let’s make sure to do a final check on the Sprintium content before the launch, especially around the integration points.
Agreed, we’ll have a meeting next week with their team to go through the details.
Great. We also need to confirm whether Sprintium will be involved in the launch event. Their presence could add credibility.
Yes, I’ve been in touch with their marketing lead. They’re open to joining the launch webinar, and we’re coordinating on the details of their involvement.
Perfect. Let’s finalize the details in the next few days. We want to ensure everything is seamless. Any other updates from the marketing team on the collateral?
We’re in the final stages of designing the landing page and promotional emails. We’ll be testing them internally this week.
Once they’re finalized, we’ll push them out to our mailing list and coordinate with Sprintium for cross-promotion.
Sounds like we’re in a good spot. Let’s make sure we stick to the schedule. Martin, any updates on the technical side of the integration?
Yes, we’re nearly done with the API connection. The content from Sprintium should be flowing smoothly into the platform by next week.
We’ve also set up some automated error monitoring, so if any issues pop up, we can catch them quickly after launch.
Great. It’s important that we stay ahead of any potential issues. I think we’re ready for the soft launch!
Let’s touch base again next week to go over any last-minute adjustments. We’ll also need to do a final run-through with Sprintium’s team before the event.
Sounds good. I’ll make sure our product team is prepped for the testing phase next week, too.
On our end, we’ll ensure that all support documentation is updated to reflect the new features and the Sprintium integration.
Excellent. I’m feeling confident about the launch. Let’s keep the momentum going. Any other points before we adjourn?
One last thing – once we hit the soft launch, I’d like to get some feedback from early users about the 10x Academy integration specifically. We’ll need to act fast if there are any issues.
Agreed. We’ll track that closely, and I’ll set up a follow-up meeting after the soft launch to discuss early feedback.
We can also monitor social media and user forums for any reactions or suggestions that come through. It’s important to stay on top of that.
Absolutely, we’ll keep our ears to the ground. Alright, if there’s nothing else, let’s wrap it up. Thanks, everyone, for your time and great contributions today.
Thanks, Alette. Looking forward to seeing this come together.
Thanks, everyone! Excited to see the launch!
Take care, everyone. See you at the next check-in!
Alright, bye for now!